## Types

This document describes the types of schemas that can be generated by this library.

## allOf

- Describes a schema that must be match all the listed types.
- It's usually used to describe a value that much match multiple objects, but it's rarely used.
- Generated by the `ObjectConverter` to handle PHP intersection types.
- The `types` property contains the types that the schema must be.

```json
{
  "type": "allOf",
  "options": [
    {"type": "object", "parameters": {"name": {"type": "string"}}},
    {"type": "object", "parameters": {"age": {"type": "int"}}}
  ]
}
```

## bool

- Describes PHP booleans.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.
- The `bool` type is an alias for `boolean`.
- When casting `boolean` is also accepted.

```json
{"type": "bool"}
```

## datetime

- Describes date and time values.
- Will accept any string that can be interpreted as a valid date and time, but it's recommended to a format that includes the timezone.
- Generated by the `DateTimeConverter` to handle any object that implements `DateTimeInterface`.

```json
{"type": "datetime"}
```

## enum

- Describes a list of possible values.
- The `allowedValues` property contains the possible values.
- Generated by the `EnumConverter`.

```json
{
  "type": "enum",
  "allowedValues": ["foo", "bar"]
}
```

## float

- Describes PHP floats.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.
- The `float` type is an alias for `double`.
- When casting `double` is also accepted.

```json
{"type": "float"}
```

## identifier

- Describes identifiers of database entities.
- Values could be integers or strings.
- Generated by the `EntityConverter`.

```json
{"type": "identifier"}
```

## int

- Describes PHP integers.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.
- The `int` type is an alias for `integer`.
- When casting `integer` is also accepted.

```json
{"type": "int"}
```

## list

- Describes lists.
- The `items` property contains the type of the items in the list, which could be any type in this document.
- Generated by the `ObjectConverter` to handle PHP variadics.

```json
{
  "type": "list",
  "items": {"type": "int"}
}
```

## mixed

- Describes PHP mixed types.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.
- When casting will not make any changes to the value.

```json
{"type": "mixed"}
```

## null

- Describes PHP null values.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.
- When casting will always return `null`.

```json
{"type": "null"}
```

## object

- Describes PHP objects.
- Generated by the `ObjectConverter`.
- The `parameters` property contains the properties of the object.
- The `required` property indicates if the property is required.
- Each item in `parameters` could contain any of the types described in this document, including other objects.

```json
{
  "type": "object",
  "parameters": {
    "name": {
      "required": true,
      "type": "string"
    },
    "age": {
      "required": true,
      "type": "int"
    }
  }
}
```

## oneOf

- Describes a schema that could be one of the types listed.
- Generated by the `ObjectConverter` to handle PHP union types.
- The `types` property contains the types that the schema could be.

```json
{
  "type": "oneOf",
  "options": [
    {"type": "int"},
    {"type": "string"}
  ]
}
```

## string

- Describes PHP strings.
- Generated by the `PrimitiveConverter`.

```json
{"type": "string"}
```
